CC on bssw-tutorials.md (#1677)
betterscientificsoftware/bssw.io: CuratedContent/bssw-tutorials.md

Reviewer: @haikudeb this is a great start 💪🏻

In the comments below, you will see some suggested changes along with a nearby button to "commit suggestion". If you accept the suggestion, just hitting that button will merge my proposed changes into yours.

It looks like you didn't complete the last sentence and so I added a remark about that too. As you go through your response to my review here, once you feel you have *resolved* an issue I raised, you are welcome to also hit the **Resolved** button indicating you addressed it.

Thanks for doing this.

### Better Scientific Software (BSSw) Tutorial
<!-- deck text start --> 

Keeping skills up to date and focused helps keep work at its best. The BSSw Tutorial page presents a vertical sampler of upcoming and past tutorials on improving scientific software.

#### Contributed by [Deborah Stevens](https://github.com/haikudeb)
#### Publication date: May 08, 2023

Resource information | Details
:--- | :--- 
Article title | [The Better Scientific Software (BSSw) Tutorial](https://bssw-tutorial.github.io)

> Authors | [Deborah Stevens](https://github.com/haikudeb)

Reviewer: Here, we reference the author(s) of there resource we are referring to and not the author of this CC. I think listing just David here is appropriate because he has spearheaded so much of the activity on the tutorial(s) and the website hosting them.

```suggestion
Authors | [David Bernholdt](https://github.com/bernhold) et al. 2016-
```

Reviewer: I see @bernhold emailed a different way he'd like this and @rinkug wants a different table too. I will *resolve* this conversation and add a new one with both of their requests combined.

> Resource information | Details
> :--- | :--- 
> Article title | [The Better Scientific Software (BSSw) Tutorial](https://bssw-tutorial.github.io)
> Authors | [Deborah Stevens](https://github.com/haikudeb)
> Focus | Software Engineering Tutorials
> Website | https://bssw-tutorial.github.io 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource information | Details 
:--- | :--- 
Tutorial title  | The Better Scientific Software (BSSw) Tutorial 
Presenter | [David Bernhold](https://github.com/bernhold) and the [IDEAS Productivity project](mailto:IDEASProductivity@gmail.com)
Web links | https://bssw-tutorial.github.io/
```

Reviewer: @rinkug this is now styled as per [here](https://betterscientificsoftware.github.io/bssw.io/bssw_styling_curated.html) and @bernhold I listed you and ideas productivity project.

Reviewer 2: It really isn't appropriate to call me out here.  Please don't.  I would much prefer it to be just the IDEAS side of that entry.  Alternatively 'The [BSSw Tutorial Team](mailto:bssw-tutorial@lists,mcs.anl.gov)`.

And, for the record, there's a difference between my GH username (bernhold) and my last name (Bernhold**t**).  In my early days, UNIX supported only 8 characters for usernames, and I've stuck with it ever since (wherever I get to choose).

Reviewer: I edited the comment and removed you.

The website https://bssw-tutorial.github.io contains the information and learning materials needed for best practices in high performance computing. 

> Whether a refresher or new insight on high performance computing is needed, this complete collection of all BSSw tutorial presentations (2016-present) exists for your perusal. [Full recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuWzStas9iWExOVGGLCUl-N38mxQXSl87) are available as are [presentation slides through FigShare] (https://figshare.com/articles/presentation/Better_Scientific_Software_tutorial_Improving_Scientific_Software_2022_/19416767). Also access to the tutorial-related Hands On Code Repository is a quick click to GitHub : https://github.com/bssw-tutorial/hello-numerical-world-2021-11-15-sc 

Reviewer: I recommend splitting into a sentence per line. I also added a disclaimer about overlapping content too.

```suggestion
Whether a refresher or new insight on high performance computing is needed, this complete collection of all BSSw tutorial presentations (2016-present) exists for your perusal. 
There is some overlap of content between the various tutorials presented due to focus of venue where a given presentation was hosted.
For each tutorial, available resources variously include the slide deck, the video recording and in some cases, the repository of hands-on code accompanying the tutorial lessons such as the [Hellow Numerical World](https://github.com/bssw-tutorial/hello-numerical-world-2021-11-15-sc) repository.
```

The Better Software Scientific Tutorial page is an excellent reference in many ways. Reviewing the best practices for high performance computing via the 

<!---
Publish: yes

> Topics: Better Skills Better Planning Better Collaboration--Conferences and Workshops

Reviewer: The way the `Topics:` metadata works is you go look at sub-topics in various of the files [here](https://github.com/betterscientificsoftware/bssw.io/tree/master/Site/Topics) and then copy, verbatim, sub-topic headings that are relevant to the content. In this case, the tutorial covers a lot of ground and so a lot of topics apply...

```suggestion
Topics: Software Engineering, Online Learning, In-Person Learning, Software Process Improvement, Development Tools, Refactoring, Licensing, Testing
```
